# 6.0.1
- fix: ensure that directories for key creation exist before trying to create them
- fix: ensure that temporary keys are deleted after use
- ci: add srv.exe to the release on Windows

# 6.0.0
- Added ability to authenticate to the socket rendezvous, and made this the 
  default behaviour.
- Added ability to end-to-end encrypt all traffic via the socket rendezvous (
  SR), and made this the default behaviour. This provides a good general defense
  against compromise by man-in-the-middle attacks if the two ends are
  communicating via the SR. The encryption is implemented by exchanging a 
  symmetric key via an ephemeral encryption keypair generated by the client 
  for every session.
- Added ability to "ping" a daemon for info about it, including which 
  features the daemon supports.
- By default, sshnp now immediately drops into a prompt for clients that don't
  support sshnp.canRunShell(). `-x` flag allows the ssh command to be output 
  instead of executing ssh immediately.
- Renamed everything sshrvd and sshrv to srvd and srv respectively

# 5.0.4

- refactor: move the `findLocalPortIfRequired` function to `EphemeralPortBinder`, a mixin on `SshnpCore`
- fix: call `callFindLocalPortIfRequired` during the initialization of the unsigned sshnp client

# 5.0.3
- feat: Add `--storage-path` option to sshnpd to allow users to specify where 
  it keeps any locally stored data

# 5.0.2

- fix: Add more supported ssh public key types to the send ssh public key filters for sshnpd.

# 5.0.1

- fix: Add more supported ssh public key types to the send ssh public key filters for sshnp.

# 5.0.0

- **BREAKING CHANGE** fix: changed `list-devices` arg from String option to boolean flag.

# 4.0.1

- fix(Pure Dart SSH client): send a keep alive to the server to prevent SSHAuthAbortError

# 4.0.0

- Initial release
